# Critical Thinking of the Emerging New Boss, ChatGPT!
In this document, I discuss two articles about whether robust AI, ChatGPT, is a threat or hope for education. This newly innovated AI has already shown its power to the user worldwidely. Somebody hold that this technology would be the strongest assistance for education, whereas others claim that ChatGPT might pose a huge threat to the overall education system. I will unfold these two sides in the following discussion.

## Article 1
In WIRED's [ChatGPT Is Making Universities Rethink Plagiarism.](https://www.wired.com/story/chatgpt-college-university-plagiarism/), discussion was raised from the issue that whether or not copying ChatGPT should be considered as academic plagiarism in the university. Although some students, like Kai Cobbs from Rugters University had claimed that the essay produced by ChatGPT was something "awkward and it lacked complexity" and "the content is just plain bad", the university should still take it seriously since the definition of plagiarism included borrowing materials from website without attribution or generated by an AI machine.

<<<<<<< HEAD
When coming to this new technology, it can't be too careful for teachers to thoroughly discuss its pros and cons. For the maximum usage and the beneift of ChatGPT, everyone participating in the education should consider it as an ansistance rather than a magical machine that can free you from pasings the exam, writing papers or correcting students' homeworks.

## Article 2
Although the WIRED's argument suspect the ChatGPT in terms of educaitonal plagiarism, BROOKINGS's [ChatGPT: Educational friend or foe?](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/education-plus-development/2023/01/09/chatgpt-educational-friend-or-foe/) started with its own motto: "Used in the right way, ChatGPT can be a friend to the classroom and an amazing tool for our students, not something to be feared". The advantage of the ChatGPT was that it shifted the education from point-orientated to knowledge-orientated. The plagiarism issue discussed above examplified the pursuit of higher points in the exam, which diverges the essence of education.
=======
When coming to this kind of new technology, it cannot be too careful for teachers to thoroughly discuss its pros and cons. For the maximum usage and benefits of ChatGPT, everyone participating in the education should consider it as an ansistance rather than a magical machine that can free you from pasings the exam, writing papers or correcting students' homeworks.

## Article 2
Although WIRED's argument suspect the ChatGPT in terms of educaitonal plagiarism, BROOKINGS's [ChatGPT: Educational friend or foe?](https://www.brookings.edu/blog/education-plus-development/2023/01/09/chatgpt-educational-friend-or-foe/) started with its own motto: "Used in the right way, ChatGPT can be a friend to the classroom and an amazing tool for our students, not something to be feared". The advantage of the ChatGPT was that it shifted the education from point-orientated to knowledge-orientated. The plagiarism issue discussed above examplified the pursuit of higher points in the exam, which diverges the essence of education.
>>>>>>> 483cf9d2e37fe33a0b175ad8ee6a6a2b3b09b815

The essence of the education is the comprehensive and deep understanding of knowledges. Exams and quizzes did a bad job in this goal, whereas the emergence of ChatGPT brings hope. The robust engine of ChatGPT ensures students can search for anything they want to learn and harvest ample response of that knowledge. In this case, therefore, ChatGPT is a friend to the future education, but not a foe.
